We finished with our resources now so I'm just gonna go and delete everything so I'm going to remove
my unnecessary records.
I'm gonna go into health checks and these do cost money so let's delete the health checks
and then let's go into easy to now.
I mean no Virginia.
So I've got my instance here.
I'm just going to terminate that instance and then go to Singapore
and I'm going to terminate my instance here
and then let's go back to Sydney which is where I got my low balance of in two more instances so we
can just select these two terminate and then go down to low balances
to later our life balance and then to later target group
and that's just going to take a second because it's still attached
so I'll just I won't keep you guys hanging around waiting for that.
But once that's detached I delete the target group and that should be our entire lab cleaned up.